README.md, before:

# Modified E-Paper (Repaper.org Gratis)

Modified by Brody Kenrick to support partial screen updates (allowing for use on Arduino Uno with smaller SRAM).

The memory consumption of the buffer for the 2.7" display can be reduced down to 33 bytes (a single line of screen) from 5808 bytes.

This is a trade-off of display memory for processing cost and delay in display -- although not massively so (considering e-paper is slow update it is a good trade-off).


# gratis


## Sketches

These are example programs that will compile and run on the following platforms:

0. Arduino Uno

The thermo demo and a new demo are added under EPD_GFX as examples (so they will be picked up in Arduino IDE) [See gratis/Sketches/libraries/EPD_GFX/examples].



The following should still work but have not been tested.

1. TI LaunchPad with M430G2553 using the [Energia](https://github.com/energia) IDE
2. Arduino Leonardo using the [Arduino](http://arduino.cc) IDE


======

Gratis is a Repaper.org repository, initiated by E Ink and PDI for the purpose of making sure ePaper can go everywhere.

Commit message:

Added flash loading support for the EA 2.7" panel
Updated flash library to support chip on EA rev B/C boards. Updated demo
to work with shared chip select. Tidy on EPD library.

README.md, after:

# Modified E-Paper (Repaper.org Gratis)

Modified by Brody Kenrick to support partial screen updates (allowing for use on Arduino Uno with smaller SRAM).

The memory consumption of the buffer for the 2.7" display can be reduced down to 33 bytes (a single line of screen) from 5808 bytes.

This is a trade-off of display memory for processing cost and delay in display -- although not massively so (considering e-paper is slow update it is a good trade-off).


# gratis


## Sketches

These are example programs that will compile and run on the following platforms:

0. Arduino Uno

The thermo demo and a new demo are added under EPD_GFX as examples (so they will be picked up in Arduino IDE) [See gratis/Sketches/libraries/EPD_GFX/examples].

The flash_loader demo is rewritten for the EA board with its shared chip select for Flash/EPD (and the flash library tweaked).

The following should still work but have not been tested.

1. TI LaunchPad with M430G2553 using the [Energia](https://github.com/energia) IDE
2. Arduino Leonardo using the [Arduino](http://arduino.cc) IDE


======

Gratis is a Repaper.org repository, initiated by E Ink and PDI for the purpose of making sure ePaper can go everywhere.
